$1 chair versus $5,000 chair how
comfortable can you get first up is the
$1 chair which has a really nice folding
mechanism but it's just a bit smaller
than I was
expecting ow it did not support my
weight zero out of 10 for $50 though you
can get something you can actually sit
on ooh my back feels very straight but
calling this comfortable would be a bit
of a stretch three out of 10 but then we
have the $500 Herman Miller in body
which is designed specifically with
ergonomics in mind this is the kind of
chair that's not just good feel your
posture but comfortable too 7 out of 10
for $11,000 though on the complete
opposite end of the
spectrum this is the squidget zero hard
frame zero edges just hundreds of
thousands of tiny foam chips 9 out of 10
for $5,000 then this the wayon Felicity
it's zero gravity it's heated it's got
stereo speakers next to ears touchscreen
controlled for the massage functions and
even its own headset to continue the
massage around your entire face 10 out
of 10